# A Follow-Up to My Previous Post

As I said in my first post, I dislike fiction. It's a story that I don't want 
to tell, but fiction was pretty much forced on me all my life. I live on my 
own now! Things are great! Shouldn't I have been able to disregard fiction as soon as I moved in to this apartment? The answer to that is "No." I wasn't able to. When I first moved in here, I had no computer and no smartphone. I was at the library all day. The library was closed on Sundays during the summer, though. It was unbearable to stare at the walls all day.

Subscribing to 1Password after moving into this apartment had really helped me get things back in order. In August of 2019, I bought an iPhone SE. After the library would close, I'd go to Starbucks. After Starbucks would close, I'd be outside on some chairs using Optimum Wi-Fi until early hours of the morning. What I mean to say is that I'd be outside on those chairs after running out of my phone plan's data allotment, which happened quickly. 

My mother wasn't into helping me buy a refurbished ThinkPad. I'm my own person, right? Thus, in September of 2019, I bought a used ThinkPad for $20. I stopped going to the library after that. In fact, I had to go to the library one last time after getting the laptop to create a Linux live CD. In September or October of 2019, I subscribed to Visible. Visible gave me unlimited hotspot data at 1.5 Mbps. It was very awkward when I had changed and forgotten my iPhone's lock screen passcode. I had to go to those chairs using Optimum Wi-Fi with my ThinkPad and my iPhone connected to it through USB to reflash iOS using iTunes.

Then, in October of 2019, I got my first refund check from school. I had given my mother the check after she had asked me for it. She didn't want to return the check after I had given her it! My mother was asking me "why I had needed the money" when "I have everything that I need" through my benefits. After a month of pleading from me, it was returned. I had to cash it at the bank branch that had serviced my school. I took an Uber there. Also, in December 2019, the paperwork had to be filled in to renew my apartment. My mother was convinced that it wasn't going to be renewed and she was very angry. These kinds of reactions had only served to mess with my mind further.

By spending my 1.44 BTC, I had actually made myself prepared for COVID. I bought a computer that I could do work on and I bought a wireless router. I had also subscribed to Spectrum for Internet service. I had a few months free as a college student, but they tacked on extra charges that I didn't ask for. It took a long phone call talking to three people who wanted me to sign up for Spectrum Mobile to get those charges removed.

I've had plenty of opportunities to accumulate Bitcoin again since spending the 1.44 BTC, but I spent each time because of stress and my inability to give up fiction. Stress had contributed to my inability to give up fiction, but I was also cooped up in my apartment all day. My mother has been taking me for drives nearly every single day, which is very kind of her. I wish I could get out of here on my own time, though. What the hell am I supposed to do if I'm in here all day, right? Well, I'd consume fiction, which just made me feel sick. As I said in my first post, I had stopped with fiction after having something productive to do. That wasn't the only thing that got me to stop with fiction, though. I made an amazing friend in February of this year and having her around has sure helped me get past consuming fiction.

I suppose that feeling so far from my goal of applying to the Stevens Instutute of Technology had also contributed to my stress. In 2019, I learned that I had to take Pre-Calculus, Calculus, Physics, Chemistry, and Biology in order to best apply!

I will end this post by saying that it's very scary when you have no control over what you do. That awful, awful stress had left me with no control over what I had done. Hence, I can't really feel angry at myself because I had kept spending my Bitcoin. I didn't have control over my actions!
